MARCO: Previously on The Bridge...
Let me tell you how this
is gonna work, Charlotte.
You are gonna help me
take down Fausto Galvan.
He says that he showed
Eleanor Nacht and Yovani Garza a house.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
HANK: I won't be coming in
until they figure out this deal with Dobbs.
Good.
Did Fausto Galvan
have him killed for you, Marco?
It's complicated.
I don't trust you anymore.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Would you like me to feed you an acorn?
Join me.
There's a future with me. With Fausto, none.
The Marines will be coming for him.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hi.
Now, I need you to come with me.
Ripped By mstoll
Happy New Year 2015 - New Year, New Color ;-)
Did you like it?
Very much.
I want the next one.
What is it called?
The Forbidden Vein. My wife is reading it.
I will wait, then.
Do you have children?
Two.
They are very good boys.
You have any children?
- Yes, a son.
- Hmm.
He was taken from me.
Divorce?
No, I lost him.
Hmm.
Do you know how to use a machete?
Why, because I'm Mexican?
No.
I want to know if you're good with tools.
- Of course.
- Good.
You have to show Jaime.
We have work to do.
Look.
No, don't.
I know him. He's a demon.
Fausto sent him. I'm calling Sebastian.
(THEME SONG PLAYING)
Until I'm one with you
My heart shall not
pass through
Until I'm one with you
Our love will be mistaken
(DISTANT TECHNO MUSIC PLAYING)
(INHALES)
(EXHALES)
(LIGHTER CLICKS)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
I want my money.
No, guera!
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Then come back and get some more.
(BOTH SPEAKING SPANISH)
(CARS HONKING)
- (BEEPING)
- (ATM WHIRRING)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(COP SPEAKING SPANISH)
(INDISTINCT POLICE RADIO CHATTER)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(EX CLAIMS SOFTLY)
(MAN LAUGHING)
(MARCO SPEAKING SPANISH)
(CELL DOOR BUZZING)
(SNIFFLES)
Where's my friend?
Don't worry about him.
You're gonna have to call your father,
Ms. Cerisola.
Just talk to my friend.
He'll give you some money.
No.
That's not what's gonna happen.
What, you work for my father?
No.
(SIGHS)
Everybody makes mistakes.
I got high, big deal.
No, no, no.
Look at me.
(SNIFFLES)
Hey.
(SNAPS FINGERS)
You need help.
Do you know what's gonna happen to you
when they book you?
I don't care.
(SIGHS)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
And the notary understands this?
I will deal with buyer and seller.
Good.
(CELL PHONE BEEPS)
One sugar.
I told him to be light on the ice,
just like you asked.
I need you to bring me Charlotte Millwright.
For what?
I need her.
If you want, I can send Jaime.
No, please don't.
The Millwrights have been very good
to me and my family.
Nothing is going to happen to her
if she does what she's asked to do.
Do you understand, Cesar?
- Yes.
- Good.
You work for me now.
Let's go.
(ENGINE STARTS)
- Hey, boss.
- Hey, Coop.
Thought you were on R&R.
Oh, is that what they're calling it?
Paperwork for this Dobbs deal.
They gonna ream you?
I doubt it.
Dobbs ain't gonna file a complaint.
Good.
What's this about?
(SIGHS) I parked 'em in there.
They're looking for Sonya.
Me, too.
TIM: Careful,
McKenzie likes those caramels.
Lieutenant.
Agents.
Where is Detective Cross?
I don't know.
Why don't we start by you telling me
why you're not following
the chain of command.
I don't follow you.
You approached one of my agents
without consulting me first.
It was my understanding
you were on administrative leave.
She told me.
How much did she tell you?
She told me
that you're trying to strike a deal
whereby she gets Eleanor
and you get a shot at Fausto.
That's about the size of it.
So you got somebody
inside Fausto's organization?
- We do.
- You got a name?
Charlotte Millwright.
So when is this takedown
supposed to happen?
Could happen at any moment.
And you need us why?
We need you to provide cover
for our department.
You mean you need me
to keep the CIA off your scent.
Yes, that, too.
Are you in or are you out?
(HORSE GRUNTING)
Ms. Charlotte. It's time.
For what?
Miss Eleanor would like to see you
at Red Ridge.
Now?
Yes.
What about Ray?
Just you.
I'm supposed to take you there right away.
(MUSIC PLAYING FAINTLY)
(FAUSTO SPEAKING SPANISH)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Oh. (CHUCKLES)
(CLICKS TONGUE) Ah...
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(POLICE SIREN WAILING)
(MARCO SPEAKING SPANISH)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(AGREES IN SPANISH)
(GREETS IN SPANISH)
(CERISOLA SPEAKING SPANISH)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(COUNTRY SONG PLAYING ON CAR RADIO)
(THUDDING)
(MUSIC BECOMES LOUDER)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(AGREES IN SPANISH)
No.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
- (MUFFLED SCREAMING)
- (HUMMING)
(GRUNTS)
You know I'm a cop.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Don't touch me!
(HUMMING)
Who hired you?
Juárez Cartel.
You pissed 'em off.
- Ask was that it should hurt.
- (LIGHTER CLICKS)
Don't do this.
It's my job.
I'm gonna make it easy.
Why would you do that?
I'd like to know, someone I loved,
that they went quick.
Everybody has a family, right.
No family.
I'll make sure the animals
don't get your bones.
(METAL CLANKING)
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
I have to pee.
Hey!
Hmm.
I need your help.
(URINATING)
(DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES)
We didn't anticipate the tunnel.
Fausto's smart and ruthless.
He will strike back.
You taking the necessary steps?
Protect your family?
- He doesn't know.
- He will.
- He's in the mountains now.
- He can't hide forever.
A man like Fausto has needs,
and when those needs become acute,
he will lapse into his routine.
We know his routine. We'll get him.
Yes?
When?
Soon.
We expect a smooth transition.
No bloodshed.
We all want that.
You fixed your other problem?
Oh, yes, Eleanor is doing it.
She's working for you now?
It all depends.
Do you have what she wants?
He's a little shy with the daylight.
And he bites.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
MARCO: Hey. Where's Chopper?
(MAN SPEAKING SPANISH)
(MARCO SPEAKING SPANISH)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Where you going?
Where is he? Huh?
I need to know where he took her!
Go to hell.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Get up! Get up!
(SHOVEL CLATTERS)
(PANTING)
(WHIMPERS)
(GRUNTS)
(SNIFFLES)
- I'm not afraid of dying.
- Bullshit.
It hurts to die, first off. There's that.
But I think...
Death is a reminder
that you really don't matter.
You don't, I don't.
No one does.
Go on. I'll find you when I'm done.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Go to hell.
Right or left?
(SPRITZING)
Ah.
- (CLICKS)
- (RELAXING MUSIC PLAYING)
(WHISTLING)
Hey.
What is this, Cesar?
Nothing's gonna happen to you.
Do what she says and you'll be fine.
ELEANOR: You're late.
What are we doing here?
Transferring the property out of your name.
I just need your signature.
Shall we?
Hey.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Jaime, eat less, move more.
Can you get your tool, Jaime?
(AGREES IN SPANISH)
CHIP: Okay, let's do this thing.
I have to use the bathroom.
Okay.
Use the one upstairs. This one leaks.
It does?
Yes, it does.
What music is this?
Um, relaxing strings.
What's up with your gardener?
This is Jaime.
He's going to do some cleanup work for me.
Okay.
(CHIMES)
Could you turn up the music?
Louder.
Stop.
(BEEPS)
(TOILET FLUSHES)
That is relaxing.
Cesar?
Oh, God, what the hell?
What did you tell the police?
Nothing. I... (STAMMERING)
You're lying, Chip.
No, please, I swear.
- I don't like liars.
- No, just...
No machete.
I didn't tell 'em anything! I...
(GRUNTS)
(SCREAMING)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(LAUGHING)
(SCREAMING)
Eh?
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
- What did you do to Chip?
- (DOOR CLOSES)
He spoke to the cops.
I want to leave, now.
You can't.
Phone, please.
Passcode.
One, two, three, four.
- (BEEPING)
- That's a weak passcode.
ELEANOR: Make sure Jaime's okay.
(DOOR OPENS)
When we're done,
you'll be free.
I promise.
(PANTING)
My client likes this deal. Let's get it done.
Mr. Mirko, this is Charlotte Millwright,
the current owner.
Do you have all the paperwork?
- Just waiting on the notary.
- (GROANS)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Hey. Uh-huh.
(BLOWS)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
I'll be outside.
Where'd you find her?
She's an associate of ours.
- Trustworthy. She comes from Tampa.
- Right.
How far away is the border?
- Less than a mile.
- (CHUCKLES)
Good.
(DOOR SLIDES OPEN)
Charlotte, the notary's here.
(SHOVEL CLANGING)
(GASPING)
SONYA: Help!
Sonya!
Just sign right here, Mrs. Millwright.
Ah...
A pleasure, Mrs. Millwright.
Bathroom?
Um, upstairs, to the left.
(DOOR CLOSES)
(GASPING)
(PANTING)
(SCREAMING) No!
No! It's me... It's me.
It's all right. It's all right. I got you.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I should have been dead.
No, you're alive. You're fine.
You're fine. You're gonna be okay.
You're gonna be okay.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Is he dead?
Yes, he's dead.
It's done.
Yeah, we're gonna do okay.
Should I get the locals to pick him up?
No, you let him run. We'll track the money.
Just keep your eyes on the prize, Pete.
She's there. Looks like two more.
She has her book.
Never without it.
I don't follow.
The keys to the kingdom.
Next stop, Fausto Galvan.
(ENGINE STARTS)
What now?
You live your life.
We're done.
(BECKONS IN SPANISH)
- Police?
- (AGREES IN SPANISH)
What have you done?
Nothing.
You're lying.
(GRUNTS)
(GROANING)
Why don't you get out of here now?
Drop your weapons.
Put your hands where I can see 'em.
Put the gun down!
Weapons on the ground!
He doesn't understand you.
- (SPEAKING SPANISH)
- (MACHETE CLATTERS)
It's over, Ms. Nacht.
(GUNSHOTS)
(GROANS)
(SCREAMING)
(GUNSHOT)
(GASPING)
(FAUCET RUNNING)
(SNIFFLES)
You don't have to stay if you don't want to.
He took my phone.
We'll get you another one.
Fausto ordered this, didn't he?
Yes.
He sends a hitman for me,
Adriana, Daniel Frye.
None for you.
Why is that?
I saved your life today
and you still don't trust me?
How'd you find me?
I told you, I did a favor for someone.
Who?
Sebastian Cerisola.
His daughter got into some trouble and I...
He works for Fausto.
How can I trust you?
Because I work for the state of Chihuahua.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
I'm your friend, Sonya.
Don't you see what's happening?
That war is finally here, in the US,
and the border won't be able to stop it.
We need to get everyone responsible,
Fausto, Sebastian, Eleanor.
Yes. We do.
(GUN CLATTERS)
Miss Charlotte...
(MAN COUGHING)
Ripped By mstoll
Happy New Year 2015 - New Year, New Color ;-)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org